Popups for when you first board Korsmanath A'awoj (#11259)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/korath/korath missions.txt

			`	You approach one of the Quarg in the spaceport and request assistance with the data chip. It stops and acknowledges you, but doesn't speak. It pauses for a few moments after you make your request, but then holds out its hand. Taking the data chip, it slots it into a communicator of some sort, slowly nods to itself, and hands it back to you.`
			`	You return to your ship and try plugging the chip into your systems again, which now displays two files: one in the Korath language, and one in your own. You open the file in your language, and it reads: "The <EDC-ship> is a ship of grief, bringing great pain in memories that sing for generations. Love is a void in the souls of many. Know all that <first> <last> is a true Efret by heart, if not by skin. The <EDC-ship> is theirs, to save lives and keep memories."`
			`	You carefully store the chip in a safe place.`

mission "Exile: Boarding Worldship Korath"
	boarding
	minor
	source
		government "Korath" "Korath (Civilian)"
		category "Superheavy"
		not outfits "Microbot Grinder"

> 	destination "Earth"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	destination "Earth"
```
Is there a reason why this has a destination?

Author: https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/832ad08076098a1dd1eb165e6faaca809438b3ac/data/human/boarding%20missions.txt#L35-L36
(this is on all the other boarding missions as well)

	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Docking with this gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat in witnessing the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors struggle with their task, as they were never intended for such a massive vessel, but you can estimate from the readings that there are tens of thousands of lifeforms aboard. You assume some of these life signs are flora, such as the tree-like plants you saw in the massive domes atop the craft, but even the massive domes and long towers couldn't account for the sheer number of beings your computers are outputting.`

Reviewer 2: Visually, I don't the tree-like plants in the domes are so obvious to the player that they would have identified them before they were mentioned here, but that's an easy tweak. Also deduping "massive."
```suggestion
			`Docking with this gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat in witnessing the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors struggle with their task, as they were never intended for such a massive vessel, but you can estimate from the readings that there are tens of thousands of lifeforms aboard. You assume some of these life signs are flora, such as the tree-like plants you can see in the colossal domes atop the craft, but even the immense domes and long towers couldn't account for the sheer number of beings your computers are outputting.`
```
![world-ship a](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/61dff58f-9df7-4720-8339-f0fe2ac20201)

Reviewer 3: I disagree re: the trees, but your version does flow better anyways, so...

> 			`Docking with this gargantuan vessel allows you a front-row seat in witnessing the sheer scale of this ship. Your sensors struggle with their task, as they were never intended for such a massive vessel, but you can estimate from the readings that there are tens of thousands of lifeforms aboard. You assume some of these life signs are flora, such as the tree-like plants you can see in the colossal domes atop the craft, but even the immense domes and long towers couldn't account for the sheer number of beings your computers are outputting.`

Reviewer 4: The first sentence seems rather repetitive.
Both this an the next line are also rather repetitive. "Massive vessel" appears twice and "gargantuan vessel" once.
```suggestion
			`Docking with this ship provides a front-row seat in witnessing its sheer scale. Your sensors struggle with their task, as they were never intended for such a massive vessel, but you can estimate from the readings that there are tens of thousands of lifeforms aboard. You assume some of these life signs are flora, such as the tree-like plants you can see in the colossal domes atop the craft, but even the immense domes and long towers couldn't account for the sheer number of beings your computers are outputting.`
```
I'm also not really sure what the end of this sentence is saying. The plants that I can see through the domes couldn't account for all the apparent life signs? That's not really surprising. One would expect people to be aboard, not just plants. Given the size, quite a lot of people at that.
How are these "lifeform" sensors working that they apparently can't distinguish between Korath and trees? I don't imagine they would look very similar. For one, a lot of the Korath are likely to be moving around.

Author: What about
```suggestion
			`Docking with this ship provides you with a front-row seat in witnessing its sheer scale. Your sensors struggle with their task, as they were never intended for such a massive vessel, but you can estimate from the readings that there are tens of thousands of lifeforms aboard. You assume some of these life signs are flora, such as the tree-like vegetation you can see in the colossal domes atop the craft, but even the immense domes and long towers couldn't account for the sheer number of plants your computers are outputting.`
```
Although I'd imagine, unless the player has a living ship, that the sensors are very basic and can't tell a lot about what's happening.

> 			`	As you continue the scan of this massive vessel, you realize that a ship of this scale must be piloted by many hundreds, and it likely carries thousands more. Given how hugely constructed this vessel is, the Korath must find it quite valuable.`

Reviewer 4: This seems rather incongruous following the previous line. Frankly, I don't think this would be the first time of considering how many crew this ship must have given the size. And, we've already established that there are tens of thousands of "life forms" aboard.

Author: So if I change "life forms" to plants, how does this look?
```suggestion
			`	As you continue the scan of this massive vessel, you observe that this ship is piloted by many hundreds, and it carries thousands more. Given how hugely constructed this vessel is, the Korath must find it quite valuable.`
```

Reviewer 3: I honestly mostly disagree with your comments on this one, warp.

What makes the Korsmanath A'awoj so unusual is its size. I don't think having that hammered home repeatedly is an issue, nor do I think that repeating information that the player's sensors have already told them is necessarily a problem.

That said, I think either approach works (although I'd probably keep the "must be" in this line and the "beings" in the line above).

Reviewer 4: > What makes the Korsmanath A'awoj so unusual is its size. I don't think having that hammered home repeatedly is an issue,

It's true that large size is what makes it unique, but that's also probably the first, or almost the first, thing a person will notice about it. There is no need to have a conversation to point out to the player that it's really big. If that was all this was doing, it would be quite literally taking something that is shown, not told (we see the ship is really big, we are not told it is really big), which is generally regarded as a positive in storytelling and telling us it.

> nor do I think that repeating information that the player's sensors have already told them is necessarily a problem.

My concern was that the narrator presented it as something that should be new or surprising to us, and I don't think it would be surprising given the context we have already established.

Changing the first line to only refer to plant life does at least mean we are no longer being told "there are tens of thousands of life forms on this ship; this ship must have thousands of passengers", but then I get to the question of why our sensors can apparently detect (alien) planets so well and yet we have to speculate about the number of animal-like organisms.

This PR description gives the purpose of the conversation as:
> Adds a simple boarding mission to add both a feeling of consequence for when players board Korath civilian ships, and to explain in game why Korath Korsmanath A'awojs are uncapturable.

It doesn't really feel like it's doing that very well to me at the moment. Plant life isn't exactly relatable to humans. The sentients aboard, Korath, who would be somewhat relatable, are almost only mentioned as an afterthought, and the number of them that must be aboard is only speculated it. The conversation does say that the ship must be valuable, but so are most warships.

There's no mention of this being a permanent habitation, not a warship. The apparent ubiquity of plants aboard may imply this, but I think that's a rather tenuous link here, and trees don't exactly evoke "farm". I expect anyone who can take "this is a flying city" from the conversation already knows what it is, in which case the conversation has achieved very little.

> 			`	As you continue the scan of this massive vessel, you find that this ship is piloted by many hundreds, and carries thousands more. Given how many Korath inhabit the ship, attempting a capture would be suicidal. And with how hugely constructed the vessel is, the Korath must find it quite valuable.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	As you continue the scan of this massive vessel, you find that this ship is piloted by many hundreds of individuals, and carries thousands more. Given how many Korath inhabit the ship, attempting a capture would be suicidal. And with how hugely constructed the vessel is, the Korath must find it quite valuable.`
```
